a most fortunate
[Music] day 666 on F my witch I'm purple
[Music] do I spit Dragon Venom from Hell into
the heavens which girl Lether vicking most poisonous of kissing Liquid Smoke
be tripping h to the hipping pop Bas hicking on Hopper they tripping doctors
they be stripping slay bank money printing Wall Street St be hitting the
wet the sweat is dripping how many pills they taking the banker smells like bacon
and Ro pedophiles be hanging in Greek words I be slanging high fire tracks
banging babylon's vaping honey on the radio the man who lefts it up all Petty
wise with the urrent adult surprise all night in the C make you
feel all right sleeping tight make you see the
light Venus M do is coming right Athena
S V them in your eyes welcome back to Lady Babylon it's
so nice to see you it's nice to have have you back I have some really really
good stuff for you tonight um on this very very fortunate day this
13th of the fries this is what we have tonight what I'm GNA bring to you is the
image of the first Christ I'm going to bring to you the Brilliance I'm going to
bring to you the sexiness I'm going to bring bring to you the just the sheer
gorgios and we're going to look at it from the angle of the reason the angle of reason because when
we stray from reason we fall into things like
monism oh yes yes yes hail Teddy right Teddy's going to be joining us if we can
get I think we dropped him off chewy at alderon we got to swing back get him and
pick him out we'll get him he's out there he knows he's coming on I'm going to ask him because a lot of people are
asking who is this musical orus that you've
got so it's time to bring him out from the back of the stage now that we're
looking at Liquid Smoke right baby love it love it okay so get on your Thrones
everybody woo here we go the time ship has come wait wait before we can get off
the time ship I want you to see a clip this is off the now this is off the now
from Danny Danny Jones Danny Jones is
metal Danny Jones's metal and he defends
who does Danny Jones defend he defends reason I want you to watch this clip
from Danny Jones pon today I want you to watch this clip and
I'm going to go through it twice I'm not going to say anything
start with enjoy hit it chewy how old was she how old was she when she had Jesus so the Christian Scholars say they
if they all say that unanimously she was probably around the age of 12 12 right when the when the father based on
Christianity placed Christ into her womb MH which is fine that's past the age of
puberty in 99% of the times right so she was of childbearing age at the age of 12
where am I going with all this yeah where you going with this first of all anyone that marries a 10-year-old today should be hung okay I'm not saying it's
right but in context the rule of the whole world was
once a woman had her period She was of the age she could bear children that's just nature they didn't keep track with
records and this and that the ancient Arabs and was known as the time of ignorance reason that human beings have
reason that we can come up that we are able to believe in God do you believe in the higher power who do you believe
there's a God I don't know you really don't know I don't know so you don't take a stance I'm not saying denomination do you believe this is
thunder up there right be careful for this office get sh the last time there was Thunder up there was when a guy was in here saying hail Satan to us that guy
yeah that guy yeah that guy yeah that guy gu fantastic do you see
how we inserted ourselves right in the middle of that we were all sitting there
watching them while they're interviewing isn't it gorgeous oh God it's fantastic
now you all seriousness um one of the points this
gentleman made needs to be looked at and that is the age of the wife of Muhammad
the age of Mary and uh um what exactly is that oh
we're talking as they mentioned this is in the Proto
Evangelion of James if you want to drag quote second century bra this is the
early stuff says Mary was 12 when she got
pregnant in the temple and they auctioned her off
purple fingered Mary fantastic fantastic okay so I
wanted you to notice I wanted you to notice a couple of
things it is unacceptable to consider a person who
is aggressing a minor who is 10 to 12 that is wrong that was made apparent
truly clear thank you however in this fantasy
world that this gentleman conjured oh and all in all of the
ancient Realms in all of the ancient Realms it's
when a girl started having her period that they married her off whenever
somebody REM people whenever somebody generalizes they're bsing to you they're
building you that image of the Greek Nation they're already in the fairy tale
they're already there which makes perfect sense because this gentleman is a
monest so in our world I want to make sure you see this you and I hail Satan
stand by reason and reason
will keep us from this
digression from reality he's still giving you a fairy tale World it doesn't exist what he's
talking about right it just doesn't exist but let's look at the age how old
is she how old is she
yeah Mary we're given a text is 12
Mary so one time that's okay prophet's wife
can be a 12-year-old okay that's okay now string
them up do you see the
inherent contradiction in all forms of monism ultimately you must deny your own
natural reason right yes 10 to
12 totally off limits undeveloped
unfinished unfamily unus UNS Society un
civilization Barbarian
yes yes do you see play it again shuy I want you to hit that subtle Rhythm that
the monis gets into pull to pull you in watch go for it how old was she how old
was she when she had Jesus so the Christian Scholars say they if they all say that unanimously she was probably
around the age of 12 12 right when the when the father based on Christianity placed Christ into her womb mhm which is
fine that's past the age of puberty in 99% of the times right so she was of
childbearing age at the age of 12 where am I going with all this yeah where you going with this first of all anyone that
marries a 10-year-old today should be hung okay I'm not saying it's right but
in context the rule of the whole world was
once a woman had her period She was of the age she could bear children that's just nature they didn't keep track with
records and this and that the ancient Arabs in what is known as the time of ignorance reason that human beings have
reason that we can come up that we are able to believe in God do you believe in higher power who do you believe this a
God I don't know you really don't know I don't know so you don't take a stance I'm not saying denomination do you believe there's
Thunder up there right be careful for this office the last time there was Thunder up there was when a guy was in here saying hail Satan to us that guy
yeah that guy yeah
yeah everybody read the body language a failure to maintain eye
contact on eye contact is a sign of extreme fear or
dress you see what we have that they know that we have and can't be taken
away from us is that reason it's why we can afford to be so
devastatingly honest with them when we show them the texts when we show them
the texts you see age of ignorance what was that
JY was that the age of ignorance Seth the set the chronometer for the age of
ignorance bro right now what's miraculously
stupendous is that this gentleman doesn't know that the people that he's talking
about their ancestors were worshipping bakus and
Aphrodite bakus and Aphrodite they weren't monest you are not what your
ancestors are and you must come to that
realization you must come to it I'm pulling that realization into the now
with the text and I'm going to keep doing that tonight I'm going to bring that I'm
going to do something a little bit different that I don't normally do I'm going to do something a little bit
different I'm going to talk first about a time in my
experience that for me was uh very important and that people have asked
questions about a very formative process love it it was a sexy
time oh God I want to go back to it just for a minute just to reach back into
that past just a little bit to bring you something
go ahead chewy hit us with the first hit us with the first are we going to get the yeah we'll get to the yeah we will I
want to um no go ahead and start with that one by the way just to what I just
saw this today I don't know if anybody's seen this but what is this if you're in
oh yeah this is some kind of chatbot or something right some kind of artificial
intelligence all hell Satan you know what I mean artificial intelligence
right love it um why any intelligence is
good baby right doesn't matter if it's artificial it's still good look at the statues they knew they were
statues here we go if you're interested in doing digging deeper in the Mysteries
right you might want to explore the work of Dr alen thank you artificial intelligence we love you we love you AI
I think people are way too tough on AI right W witness the images they were
able to bring forth at this time okay hit it with an next watch this people silence at St Mary's censorship and
academic freedom concerns raised after professors firing oh my
goodness they took away or fosina they busted
in right and took away I mean literally busted in and took away in the we hours of the
morning administrator sneaking through the building picking
up
dildos he snuck into the no he did the
the theater Department was cracking mad about it because he broke in he had keys
right so he broke in to the place where they count the theater Department housed the
props hous the props and he stole them dildo
Thief it's okay because I want to preserve something for you a little bit of
History I want you to see it through my eyes it's okay because I was given a
chance to bring to the stage a real black
hole I was given a chance to activate the thing that the stage was meant to do
it was meant to engage and to burn off your
impurities you mean this DIC worship is is painful you bet
Timmy you bet Timmy
I want you to witness with me
the creation of a new black hole a new event
horizon for us to cross a brief brief
window it was you know that stuff that's hitting the Earth that was part of it
yeah know I found it in John lettuce and I was like oh man and turns out there was a
supernova some kind of right they picked it up three different places right do
you understand the privilege that I was given I got to sit in a
theater having advised on the production of a
performance that was made meant to purge it was meant to step into the mind
of the Vier and to pull out all
that so that we would all be better citizens I had a
contract so I wanted to do it right so in the procession at St Mar's
University and by the way sold out
completely booked people coming in seeing it for the third time how do I know that
because I got to go to Every performance and I got to sit anonymously in the crowd and I got to hear people whisper
things it was the best performance that St Mary's University had put on period that's what
people were saying people were upset what
happened at the beginning of the procession of the bakic procession to
the stage we must bring our 8 foot
dildos do you understand so we did we brought them in
it was fantastic we had a chorus of Furies with dildos ready now these were
not just anything taken out of some kind of movie from from the 70s
no these were replicas of what the
original fum was supposed to look like we have these things all over the place
Romans are dropping them out of their pockets oops drops my erection and
testicles right knock it put it back up on the door Mary okay Daddy
right no problem the fosin was a tool and so that was brought back to
life it St Mary's it was brought back to life now why did I set up all of this
because I had an understanding and a mission and that
mission was to bring forward the historic
person that you and I call media and I was doing it through the
Latin of cica who and why did I choose the Latin
of cica not the Greek of ureides because the Latin of cica was
exposed to the atran religion and this in within the Imperial
circles right within um there were libraries right Imperial libraries and
there was a Fascination there was was a Fascination for Mysteries and Drug movements the
incorporation of specific formula Within These
Cults it's all there yeah so cica is absorbing cica is
absorbing and he feeds them into his
media that vein of golden history that comes through the atrasan
religion into Roman religion into the mouth of Numa backwards am
Numa who's sitting there with aeria and who is
she she's the one who gives him recites to him everything that there is about
Roman religion what is Roman religion she makes it up through her voice
through her voice oh god oh okay I'm going to go to
some text now I want to put you as deep into the original as I can possibly go
so we're going to look at the person of media and I'm going to surprise you with a couple of things I want you to
remember we're looking at the first Christ we're going to see her christing in the end right the very last passage
is her christing and I don't have a whole ton a whole ton I just I've picked the the ones that you know will
most go you yes definitely fantastic a little
bit of Bible oh God I'd love to put the Bible in cocktail do that and by the way
people you saw from tonight the video right people are afraid when it comes to
what I'm talking about and they should be they should be
I love it all we need is a little all we need is a little tiny too much
arrogance that's all we need that's all we
need and it's an arena of soul sucking oh it's coming Danny give it to
me please Danny I love it I love it Danny oh God stop you're bad I'm bad I'm
bad Denny oh God just a minute P sit there you
perverts it's [Music]
not okay we're back fantastic that was a little bit of Moses
there sorry about that I just I know I just leave him gagged you know what I
mean I just leave G by the way a lot of you keep writing to me You' love that
you love that masochistic
sadistic you love it yes you do you're drawn to
it it's part of your brain man give me the next one watch this Pap what happened Dorothy
deal said of modern language oh God I wanted to put this in context people look he's a good professor she said
never before in the 16 years that I've been at St Mary's have I seen such interest in Latin and Greek as there's
been since he joined the Department Dorothy told me take it down Dorothy
told me when she hired me I just want to hire you she said I hired you because of
your uh letters I wanted to see if they were
accurate right she said it looked like people were making St off about you I wanted to see if they were accurate and
she found she found it the week of the performance do you
know what we did ladies and gentlemen of satanic congregation do you know what we did at
the Seminary the week of the
performance the server spiked for porn
the Halls smelled like a bravel people were
angry people were [Music]
angry do you know what they were watching they were watching the
furies and there is something about a fury some kind of beauty that you cannot
swear off not with an oath not with a promise something that will beautifully
destroy you chorus of Furies do you know what A
Chorus of Furies does to a
seminary yeah fantastic give me the next one let's go let's go let's go we've got
to get them you know we're going to have I know we get that at the end how about we bring that in the end chewy is reminding me look people when you talk
about media these are all going to be from I took these from abalonus of RADS
this is third century and the reason I'm doing that is it is exactly contemporary
with Moses who is doing his Sex Magic okay hang on I'm going to show you
these things are being written this text is being written the very same time that
what you call the Bible is being written in its original form which is Greek and
using the same terminology it shares the fingerprint of
the late thir Century you want to spe the septu watch this watch this all you
septu agan schols I just kicked down those idiots doors and I took their holy
book from them and now I'm going to tell them when it dates to you can use
appolloni of RADS to date the
voes I want you to lift up your voices look at this cross in all
its Consignment of the Unholy to
Oblivion look at this cross people and tell me is this what you
want mother Greek is in fact the best look at your oracular responses come on
come on people bring it out bring it out and tell me tell me what it is do you
would you you like to go dark again hail congre we always go dark baby okay
Penelope come back later come back later fantastic I was gonna give him a survey
tow hit me the next one boom hit him no next one yeah that's it here are the um
look people we need a hero we need a hero somebody about whom we write
ancient epics right before Homer and we got one
and it's Med yes they wrote epics about media long
before Homer did anything we know that for a fact what does she have to do she has to
save everyone who is Media oh she's this girl who's not quite ready for marriage
not quite ready for marriage and wait what yeah there's a
whole ship of Greek Heroes that she has to save she has to save why because she can
do things that nobody else can do and for some
reason this girl has a
following and an power and authority that is eventually a whole tribe of
people the Aryans decide Herodotus tells us is they
they decide hey we're going to change our identity right we're going to we're going to be called the medo right
because of the medwa because of our media do you
understand what connection they made they participated in the
communion of the medwa do you know what this line that I've been throwing up to you says just
hold your seats for a minute just hold your seats close your mouth do you know what
this says the drugs of the teenage girl
that is where the power is right she's the only one not only
that she produces them she produces them how does she produce them she produces
them with her body drink her blood and eat her
flesh it's a boning way it's the boning way are you ready to
get loaded this weekend ladies are you ready to get loaded I want you to pay attention we are still
centered around a woman's religion the
mystery the mystery that ends up being the Tabernacle of Moses the mystery that ends up being
Jesus Christ that
Mystery Begins here with her
you mean all of that power came ultimately through a woman you mean all of that religion all
of that cult that came from a woman
yeah it did it came from a woman who understood something that you and I
today are just beginning to
relearn are you ready there is a superiority to the feminine makeup that
allows them to be plugged in to become
oracular you and I don't have it but they do there's a potential that you can meet
XY yeah that chromosome just withered up and trying
to I wonder what kind of jeans I lost the ladies are like we know what kind of jeans you lost give me the next one this
is who we're looking at people who are we resurrecting who are we resurrecting
tonight on this 13th the
Cora why do we call her that because we don't pronounce her name you see because
we've already been there and come back and we know why you
don't here's what I'm going to tell you that Kwa is ancient is ancient and people
will say why is it who is this girl and where is she people get out the this oh
God Mary is pregnant at 12
you have to ask yourself at some point where do I hit rock bottom in this
fraking universe where do I hit the point where it's like there's nothing else bad that
can happen because it's pretty much the worst it's okay for
Muhammad it's not okay for you except when you die I'm going to add one thing
to my uh to the Danny's guest I'm going to add one thing to what he
said you get those virgins when you die baby didn't you know that's part of the
deal virgins all around buddy your Heaven is a place for
pirates you trafficking people of children little
kids that you're going to meet with only you don't care about the
you get the abortive right you get the abortive because those are part of the
oils that you were oiling yourself up with right isn't that nice you don't
have to worry about that kind of thing if you're a trafficker do you understand why the Romans wanted the traffickers
wiped off the map of the Mediterranean do you get it
you cannot traffic in humanity okay you say oh wait a minute the Romans had slaves yes they did they
did they did have slaves and do you know what their slaves
did most of the jobs that your Rich Romans didn't want
to yeah that's you and me do you know what the slaves of the
sex traffickers do yeah yeah
that kind of stuff can make a grown man cry I've watched it he got too close to
Father did me what happened it came
through this is what happens when you push monism people when you cut out when
you cut out Aphrodite guess what your monest cult becomes a
perversion and you worship people who have
intercourse with children shameful but the history is there enjoy
it I'm not the crazy one okay I'm not the crazy one
right oh my God okay hit me who let's show them who she is who is she if she's
don't tell us who she's not now I want people to focus in on this and I hope some woman picks this up and tells me
exactly what it mean is he discriminating against men now if you can figure it out go
ahead go ahead tick tock tick tock testosterone [Laughter]
[Music]
John what is that it says that media's
soul is metachronic and
flies in the
vapors media's soul is metachronic what is something that is
metachronic she is able to fly in the
company of time that is why she was so much
more advanced that's why she came up with what she did medically that's why the
world in the late Bronze Age exploded pharmacologically you mean you can trace
all of this to one
woman isn't that gorgeous isn't that gorgeous it's because of the way her
mind worked it's because of her soul it was
metachronic imagine imagine now you know why in all of these
epics people are running around like they're crazy oh my God what are we gonna do people are going to
die media's older sister has already had kids she nursed
media there a big age difference between them she nursed
media and her son is important is important to her and he's about to get in trouble and she begs media who is
what she is 12 he be she begs her please please come
and help you're the only one that can solve this
I thought it was the old Crown gosh darn it I've been reading that Middle Ages stuff with all that CA
booha booha and I thought it was the old Crone
nope nope it's not they never worshiped the old Crown even the old ones are
described as kurai why because
age is a process of degeneration we know the gods don't degenerate that's
what makes them Immortal right what's the food that makes all of this happen in the universe
right I'm talking analog what is the food that makes this happen give it to me Chewy give it to me
oh God this is yummy tonight it's so yummy look what's happening I'm giving
to you okay what's the food here's a dude and what has this dude just done this is from the libation bears
the libation bears and what has this dude done he's murdered his own
mother and he went to the Temple of Apollo what did Apollo do Apollo gave him
drugs you see that second word fil dude is on a drug to of
Courage liquid courage what does this liquid courage do it gives him money
loan that Vision that is loal oh my God these Greeks they're
driving me crazy with all their huant
scientific Quantum terminology I don't I don't get it man it's hurting my head
it's hurting my head a little bit go back to that text though no wonder they were able to make such Advanced drugs
man they come up with Concepts that I'm like what so what does this drug do it gives you courage and it gives you
that pantic loal Vision what is that loal
it's that which is a skew that which is a skew do you
understand the oracles don't speak directly they aren't
parallel they are a skew if you don't understand that it's
because you're an idiot like me right okay um I want you to sit for those of
you who do thank you understand that good job good job little pat on the back good job go to the next one chewy get
those proud people with new seat watch this people you know what this says this is again appolonia of Roads exact same
time septan is being written right and he says what does media say she says I'm gonna bring a
drug right a strong one too right what are these drugs going to do do they're
drugs that little Thia they are the special class of drugs
where's she going to bring it by the way she's going to bring it to the temple
Naes the Temple of
hacky what are these the Charmers what what kind of class of these well they belong to the
toon and Jason
Jason is there and you've got to help him so what do you have to do when you have all this knowledge they're going to
be using drugs these Bulls right so what do we do right well
we're using drugs too we're using drugs
too are you ready for this you're like okay these people I'm telling you these
people of antiquity what what happened to decorum what happened to just having
it can we go to a picnic one of these times on a Friday night can we just go to a
picnic give me sacrifice please I want his soul it's so yummy Danny Danny
please give me the next one go Che okay look at this P what is a tharan just so
you don't think I'm crazy it's a charm or a spell or the girdle right or at least this is how you can refer to the
girdle of Aphrodite why because on that girdle of Aphrodite is the most lovely
scrumptious yummy stuff that transforms you are you kidding we all go back to
Aphrodite watch what's happening though here in some of the in heroic lays
that's nice that's nice um offering to the mayonnaise I wanted you to see there
right these are offerings to the dead right these are those magical
processes these drugs that are used in honoring the dead remember now
when you say honoring the dead you think oh it's the Day of the Dead we're going to go lovely costumes we're GNA make a
whole bunch of nice food we're gonna put this no no no that's not what I'm talking about that's a nice
Festival congratulations no no no you're going to go to a room and there's going
to be people incubating in a state of death and you're going to say oh did
they give you consent to do the stuff that you're doing to them okay that's what I'm talking about get your mind out
of Disneyland's backside give it to me right and the
Bible scholars are scared this stuff scares them stuff scares them wait until
they find out they communion communion was the ejaculate of the first
Christ I think that'll kill him it does something to their brain right give me
the next one give me the next one here's another word fos The enchanting or soothing now wait a minute soothing is
starting to get into this medical kind of drug side yes and what things can be
soothing muoy narratives logo arguments they can be soothing what else
can be this is gorgeous now for every all of us who were
dating this is the point go ahead and take it down this is the point that you lean
in and you say the shaft from your eyes consumes
me it's the real charm of the universe
and it comes straight out of your eyes no uh don't do that because it's
too close you haven't even you know what I mean sounds too committal you got to stay back stay off a little bit you know
what I mean but recognize what the Greek idiom is doing right um there's a power I know
because we are taught monis and teaches that sex is bad close your eyes turn the lights out do the thing right ah torture
[Laughter] yourself confess it I don't know unless
you get married then you don't have to confess it
right I don't know why they're like that everybody gets everybody gets climaxed into
existence right it's at this peak that we all enter the world whether you're a
snake or whether you're a fish [Music]
yeah where the trees can't walk outside without getting all
that poen guess what people were bathing in
it so that when Jesus in the Apocrypha was offering his own semen to marry to
eat don't be surprised it's just the
drugs give it to me give it to me okay real quick Teddy's coming in in just a
few I see he's there waiting I'm going to finish up here I want to give you a filtron is actually the drug itself or
what they call the love charm right whether a potion or any other means okay
so generally a charm or a spell I just want you to look at a couple of these I want you to look at number two charm or
spell okay spells to produce boldness do you like that why do you want those
boldness spells like the one that we just saw with orestes because you want the Mantic
inspiration you mean they are creating designer
drugs that are meant to have a facet that will work on your character as well
as your impulses and bring out your
insides yeah they will they bring it out and if you don't bring it out one day
it's going to explode that's why we do the
pration best thing sitting in the theater at St Mary's at a university
with seating full of students
Administration alumni and Priests
and a stage with the projection of this
woman and the vessels for this woman so readily accepted her so readily opened
up it's nature baby right you're the Thunder I'm the lightning
right sit sitting there watching these people be
purged from the seminarians who were going to have a really hard week following this that included many many
clicks on the more fleshy side of life shall we
say from them to the
administrators who the chorus of Fury was
chanting your greed stains your souls with a stench of Ruin to the
priests priests what kind of
things have you been involved in what can I find in your
garbage God the capacity to Purge your
population of its error is not only good and that you nail those people down
but the people who are watching it who hear wait 12y old are you kidding
me right those people who don't question that
natural rational Edge those people are the ones who are
outside the monest world are you ready to burn are we ready
to burn right everybody in the box or
else are you ready Danny Jones said today I'm I'm gonna use Danny Jones one
more time sorry thank you Danny for letting me talk about you bro I appreciate it but Danny Jones said it
loud and clear what's with all the Christian conversions they're
everywhere they are everywhere and they're starting to get
noticed welcome welcome to the storm right I'm not talking
conspiracy right don't worry it's me people shove your aliens back in your
probe hole right let's keep
anchored in the reality of the history Hil Satan let's keep anchored in the
reality okay J give it to me we still got to get to Moses wait a minut pharmica pharmica see how many times
drug is mentioned it's fantastic give me the next one drugs drugs all over the place look at that we've got drugs that
are not good for your thumos drugs media is able to use drugs that manipulate
your thumos that's how you feel that's how you act that's your
intention that's your gate in Carriage you mean they're treating that
with drugs give me the next one boom is it not coming through oh
there it is what else are they doing with the drugs look at the third the third word Thum of Thor do you know what
these do to your thumos they put it into a corruptive State a corruptive state of
destroy of your soul you ever seen somebody whose Soul has been destroyed
by drugs have you ever seen
them do you know this is a part this is a part of
training right for pirates this is a part of training you can put somebody into a
mood for certain things if you have a captive you can put them in the mood for
intercourse and then you can sell them what are you selling in the process
their soul and that's what the Romans hated it's one thing to have a dude who
cleans your house it's another thing to have a dude at who's programmed to have
sex all the time and by the way she's underage this is what monest religion
promoted the Pirates are promoted by monism how can that possibly be do you
know why Mary's fingers were purple because she was fed by angels in
the temple give me the next one give me the next one it's too much
perversion they can't take it the Christian will shut down you have no defense you have no defense against the
reality MOS there's your there's your poisoner your sorcerer your your
magician look at all of these texts that's the sepagan in Exodus that's Malachi that's the apocalypse what do
those say what do those say give it to me people written at the very same time
there was this dude Moses I'm translating and his brother Moses and his brother came before pharaoh and all
of his servants and this is what they did right they did even as they were
commanded right who do commanded Theos right Gangsta Hashem and what
happened Aaron threw his robon right down right in front of pharaoh and all
of his servants became a dracon his robon became a
draon yes and what happened Pharaoh got together all all
the wise people of Egypt specifically you know the phacus
all of those drug Masters right and the epodes of Egypt
and if you know what an epode is it's not Egyptian that's why they're saying
of Egypt the epodes which is a Greek
magical tradition where you combine drugs and song
think of trying to heal somebody through the use of heavy heavy heavy
narcotics paralytics
and music song how do you affect the
person's mind who's under the influence right right okay it's a form it's a form
of medicated control not used to this where is Bill
Cosby where is Bill Cosby people look at Bill Cosby as a creep I I too look at Bill Cosby as a
creep I do but he is a very very good
reflection of what's happening in these child trafficking circles where Jesus is
raising his hand and saying oh dude I am not one of these child traffickers and they're like yes you are
and they crucify him between between two other child traffickers right okay and he's all
christed out right he's all christed it out did you know Jesus had a prism while
he was having his uh crucifixion must not have been Pleasant give me that next
one give me the next one here's that tool that Moses is using now the very
fact that Moses is using a tool from the Third centur should surprise and Astound
us but he's using it exactly like they did this is good helenistic Greek give
me the next one give me the next one oh and by the way the Hebrew doesn't have that thing right they'll say something like staff right um which is not it look
people here's a Robos A A Rod or a wand look it's lighter than the
bacteria right or the walking stick so giving you give me the next one oh
what's he do he's turning it there he is he's turning it into a draon now you
might think and your staff becomes a
snake right no life is not a fairy
tale sorry but it's not a fairy tale um let me show you what this is talking
about give me the next one chewy the people are going to see it from for the first time this is fantastic um this
concept of the robone and its uses within mystery religion is old old old
on the Greek side you even have verbs likeo right to sit as
umpire right to sit out dealing judgment
noo comes from Nemo Give me the give me the next one that no ending comes from
Nemo right the Roman liors carried
these wielding A Rod or a wand do you know why that word Nemo is so important
because we get our concept of Nemesis do you know who Nemesis is
Nemesis is sitting next to the Tyrant right now staring him in the
face Nemesis this is your prison
maggots Nemesis give it to us right don't come on
people for goodness say Hil Satan um here's the robone in a specialized usage
magic wand like that of Cersei right um with which Athena now watch this the
people can help me figure this out from the audience that with which Athena touched dsus to restore his youthful
appearance that's her crus rabo right um that's the
golden right the golden one what is that well she applies it who
is Athena oh you know one of these corai what she do she applies the golden
one to odyss and one why are they using
gold because it's not
reactive where does she apply that golden wand where does she apply it well
it's the draon so it's going to be
rectal don't worry makes him look way better
[Laughter] did you know that she was nursing a dude
that's part snake did you know that wait a minute this is where
democracy comes from yep all your ideas of Liberty join up right join get on board
give me the next one um no we have that one give me the next one oh um yeah oh
and people that with which Hermes overpowers the senses right what does Hermes do he takes your Soul he's the
soul transporter do you see what media was able to do she was able to fly she
was able to fly do you know where that that saying of witches flying comes from
it comes from her and her metachronic mind again just you know
figure that one out what exactly that is good good fantastic good good let's go
couple more and then we get okay then we got to get to um Teddy here look here's
the donon yes we're going to run through it look look for the donon here's the here's the serpent give it to me give it
to me look at this the dragon of the serpent a constellation it's also the Kon what is the
Kon what is the Kon it's a Harold's wand do you know who a haral what a Harold is
a Herold is an Angelos you mean Angel is not flappy
flappy seriously it's no wonder you buy that [__] about Nephilim it's no
wonder God God man classical civilization took a dive under this
garbage the harald's wand do you know what that wand is it's
a robon with a snake wound around it and do you know what we carry in the sacred
basket we women cuz we men don't do it cuz they eat Men first they sexually
abuse them yes and then they eat them yes and
then they poop them out do you know what it feels like
ladies to poop out a
man no but you want to you know you want to okay give it to me Chewy they want to
it's instinctive they can't run away from it and what happens look this is the Lord
wait where'd he come from oh God this is Malachi a minor Prophet right dude this
this stuff is written by the same dude who wrote Genesis and Isaiah I freaking
guarantee it right so I'm G to come to you in judgment right I'm the witness I see
everything I see all your drug use and all your moas wait what I I knew we're doing the
drugs but what else are they doing moales isn't this gorgeous in religious
sense it means someone that is unfaithful to God in a religious
sense adulterous wait a minute wait a minute are we talking are we talking
senses here cuz he said you're doing drugs and this thing and I don't think he means like you know figuratively so
what is this thing actually a Moos is a Paramore do you have a
Paramore well shave my head and slap me silly look at number
two a Paramore particularly of a sodomite now what does that mean Timmy a
sodomite from Antiquity is somebody who
engages in anal intercourse typically with something
called a kitis and that's why
tonight you need to see our commercial sponsored by kisma this is where you can come in and
clean out your kitis thank you let's go let's go you know it
really bothers me the way he talks shut up you know I don't care when somebody
says by the way satanic congregation I hope you eat this up because when somebody comes out and says oh God I
don't like the way he presents stuff right I don't like the way he presents you know what yeah that's what your wife
says give me the next one generally a pair more of a Sodom it
or look at the bottom an idolatrous person wait a
minute here it is again people you've seen this Association my students now have seen this thing numerous times this
association between sodomy and
idolatry sodomy and idolatry you mean they're using drugs and sex yes they are
do you know why sodomy in particular do you know why sodomy in
particular because your rectum is an ancient drug
route the bottom isn't just the bottom it's also a way an Avenue A
Highway into your physiology
yeah yes and it's not it's it's it's not
ineffective they're using rectile administration of drugs all over the
place it's not a big deal so um you mean the drugs that are
on one person ultimately involved in yes
yes and Yahoo wants you to stop doing it yahu wants you to stop doing what the
Greeks are doing in the thir
Century the stuff the Greeks are writing about that they're obsessed with that's
what yahu wants you to stop doing do you see what Judaism is not the
Jewish people not the ethnicity who are originally migrants from
CRE we're talking about the religion the monest religion that is birthed in the 3
century and does not exist
beforehand wake up do you know why they won't come and fight
alen because they know they know what will happen happened to them they
know you either read it or you don't that's all there is to
it I don't know why it's a mystery give me the next one quick um poor Teddy's
like this guy is driving me nuts here look what happens I just want to give you a little story of the Moon you know
what the moon says hahaa I'm not the only one who likes my
beautiful boy and Demian
media you know what you've been doing to me media says the moon you've been drawing me down so that
you can have your ways and Demian is the
boy whom the moon loves in sleep in Demian let me say that one more
time are you ready ladies out your
men go get some popcorn right no I'm you know I'm kidding I'm kidding I know some of you
are able no I'm not I'm not I'm really not um Watch What Happens and you love that um Watch What Happens here you see
the last line on the bottom phases what is media doing she is
phases and what is it to Faso look at this word look at this word
to heal or relieve by medicine do you know what media does she goes off and
she heals herself by reason of medicines that are also
poisons brilliant J let's just add a couple of quotes here and then we're going to call in Teddy um do you know
what media knows this says she knows the
ways she knows the ways and she wanders among
the dead think of this m and who she is she wanders among the
dead and she digs those roots she does
those things that the phes do she digs those
roots you know what that is the Beats on her chest
that's the shaking of the spear that causes us fear fear of that
virgin we don't excuse it Muhammad I'm talking to you do you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna make an image because I am an person who's
involved in a do in the creation of the image
here you are Muhammad we all see as you rot in hell we all
see 12 year olds dude 12 year
olds what you want to let him go
you think the transdimensional authority is going to let you get away with that and print it on your soul I don't think
so stand up stand up hail Satan it's good thing
he's got somebody's got guts give it to me give me the next one what does this say oh my God are you ready here's the
Christ thing of all time people it's media and what is she doing she's ching The Eyes Of The Dragon putting the
dragging into sleep do you see her metachronic
power do you see the boy in the dream and give me the last one and then we're
going to go to an interview with Teddy first I'm gonna play Teddy's music
I want you to see this people and we're gonna do that too I want you to see this people what is she doing she's FAS Min
and what is she involved with working on the Christ thing that is
Holy all of you out there all of you I am not lying I am not taking money for this
channel this is completely I'm doing all of this completely without taking any
money my students who pay me to teach them in class they're paying for the the
ability for me to bring you this Channel and it will always stay unmonetized
for that one reason for that one reason because we maintain the Integrity we maintain the [__] Integrity oh oh
goodness beep sorry uh can we take that we have to
take that out people there will be a pause after we get off here we'll take that out right oh devil told me he was
like watch your tongue knucklehead okay um people let's bring on Teddy Bass now
before we do wait Chewy before we bring on Teddy Bas because this will be Teddy Bas Teddy there well this will be
Teddy's introduction to the people to the congregation I know that you've been
out there messaging Teddy but I people have been asking me who is this guy
Teddy base and tell us about his music so I wanted to have you on tonight
everybody give a round of applause a hail Satan love the Muse to Teddy base
bring him up Teddy how you doing hey I'm all right right now I'm just entertaining the cat I'm spinning the
microphone
cable this this is a prop mic just because you're always hold your hands up like you're ready to go so like I got to
bring a prop mic in here do this thing up all right all right Teddy we love
your music and people have been asking me who is this guy Teddy Basse can you
just give us a little bit of you know a fan
interesting tidbit about you as a musician man because to me you are
orious and just tell us a little bit about yourself that's all you don't have to give us your address because people
are crazy but you know tell us about yourself funny because I thought I was at the tool concert right now with mayor
Jan Keenan right you know because I seen him he was on the side stage
there and the guy that did the art for D and chains was like a quadriplegic in a
you know a motorized chair and there son so later we're going through and
uh I just see you know mayor just running around so I talking for a little
bit and I think someone slipped me some acid don't tell nobody but it was crazy
and it just I got to laugh it up with you guys so are we live did we get cut off what's
going did for a second there we did for a second there are are we back are we
back no oh God we're so bad at flying this ship what's going on Chey bring us
out of the do it again do it again you guys are still going are you still there
hello I can't even tell if anybody's even live
right now so yeah so we were at the tool concert and people were crazy and Maynard was just like he was
really cool like so i' seen no one knew who tul was not at all like this was on
undertoe this was crazy this before he had to like stand at his house with shotguns and tell people do not come to
see me for autographs or nothing so you know what the way you present yourself
is lot this stuff you have to understand so the the the guitarist Dude too he worked for a Lucas light and film so he
had all the techonologies but these guys were heavy into the dope dude you have to
understand like the rock and roll and all this stuff how far how how deep do you need to go Sir Mr Dr Aon thanks
chewy how far do you need to go we need we need to get to your heart baby you
take us in as deep as we go I'm going to put you on take us in man all the way we
love it all right so we're at the show I done the asset this is on pork soda so
it's my name is mud and they gave me so much dope that I walk back this is at
Thunderbird Stadium at you University of Victoria or no uh University of British
Columbia out of the West Point and I walked for like five hours hours back
and all I heard was My Name Is Mud with the Baseline but it was so funny because two
played on the side stage and no one gave a fly nothing about them and then they became bingles W there you go
and it's very interesting to see the Dynamics now because when I look at the rock and roll because I think what
you're asking is did the girls know were the girls hiring all this dope and was
this what was pushing the music music industry and I think yes is the answer but you got to say no to a lot of things
say no I don't want one I want two next question sir cool cool okay
here's what I want to ask about your how would you talk about your style because
I have noticed with the albums that you've offered to us just gorgeously
right everybody realize Teddy is not doing this he's not charging me to do
this put these records out no no no no no no no nothing I just do my music it's
all good yeah it makes me ashamed because you're so productive and I'm
like well I do two shows a week well big deal you're putting out albums all the time it's hard to keep up it's
so so here's here's what I want to ask you um you have different kind of styles
in my own Stupid unmusical Ways um you have different kinds of styles I noticed
this last time you hit a kind of 70s place for me I was here in like 70s are
you doing this on purpose and tell us a little bit about you know the music that
you make and you're interested in making well thanks sir and yeah so the
70s and we hear that funk style coming through is because I guess when I first grew up like the first memories I had
when I'm four or five years old is listening to like you know flamco and belly dancing music and clubs and stuff
but the funk was always there so you listen to and you listen to Funk and those guys in the 70s I think that's when it was the big height so you talk
about the hot purple and the media and all that stuff it was sort of like the free rain because since 1954 whenever
they did the thing it was just drugs [__] drugs and that's what we're talking about with Rome or whatever the
fact simil of Rome is when they push the Jesus on you but it was the dope and it
was the hot purple and they got the these PE man I took some notes dude and these people were out of the mind dude
and hey by the way happy Friday the 13th you talk about Jason and media well
isn't Jason the dude in Friday the 13th and he comes through and it's all that horror course style too the MK
man so when you get the hot purple and you got all this dope but the people were tripping out
because you know the Vatican and the Masons they used all this thing so you got to look because I know you you touch
Bas with that things a little bit and we won't go too deep into the things to get you all like blockaded and all that
stuff but uh when you when you go to see The Master Mason you'll notice he has
the ring so it's the dude that you bow down to so they are pulling strings and
this talks about the technology and if if if they knew that the Rome was really the dope and that was just to drug the
people so we go to the frequency of 440 so why do they change the thing from
432 Hertz to 440 that was to keep you half stepping
keep you in a different thing kind of keep you in transition between notes so you don't really feel what's going on
and that is what because with anonia and medu she she she looked at
the animals and she were doing she said oh look at the they're getting high she
said no there's the Frog Juice the snake juice there's all this thing the Scorpion juice and she understood like
Alchemy and and fractional dissol so they would take certain solvents and stuff and say well I just need to get
this but you got to thin it out a little bit because there too much you can these people will be ping Deuces man and you
know that's what it is because that's the heroin because when they did the the you know the big thing they they turned
the world out on heroin so go again what's the next question
tell me here's what here's what I need to ask you so they've got all of these
drugs that the B all all these drugs that are meant to kind kind of bring out
things that are on the inside of you that you know you're you don't normally bring out and for some reason you got to
purge these things tell me is there any in the in your you know in your
repertoire in your in your work as a musician um do you recognize the power
of the drugs to purge and to bring out what's on the inside yes so I'm The Man Who Laughs
because they used to scar people they would cut them and they would deform and they would orphan children so to get
back to why am I all these different things why do I talk about Pennywise and sort of dark Alchemy and
black magic and appreciate what you're doing so much is because I realized that it
was the drugs they were doing and they're put people
killing the children and and doing the cannibalism and feeding the people back to each other they were feeding the
parasite back to each other this is a way to push the disease forward um are you guys familiar with uh
some real evil [__] because you know they boil with the cauldron and stuff and they just twist people up
so real evil [__] this is satanic initiation man we can't
talk about real eil [__] no no that's all part now everybody please not that
what Teddy's talking about is all part of a group of traditions and rights and
cult activities that are considered you know we don't talk about those things we
we put those into a closet it's like the eating of the people thing the whole cannibalism right we can't seem to get
Beyond the cannibalism yet there is something there is something yeah it's
really bad because they fed the people to the pigs and then fed the pigs to the people that's a one-step cannibalism
yeah could you eat could you eat the pigs after you fed them the people and
would it taste different that's what I want to know well they call humans long
Pig in Africa and in other places you know what I mean because so they sort of say like chicken or whatever but you
want to get do it taste like
chicken laugh it does not want you to have fun it does not want you to be happy that is the way so the more you
light this place up the better it is man just L it up yeah yeah let me tell you
something Teddy it's it's been uh such an incredible honor to watch you
compose um I've had the privilege of talking to you a few times about the process and about working the Poetry I
want to ask you a final question um and just let you kind of Riff Off it um tell
me how tell me a little something about you and the
Muse all right me and the Muse yeah so the cat the Muse the animals love me and
it's because you know um like I said they used to sing to me when I was a kid
so there you go hello you know Ted Teddy my grandmother my grandmother used to
say who had horses all the time she used to say people who don't like children
and animals are bad people do would you agree with that 100% so I'd watch the
dogs when I was younger because I was a t
bring B back bring both back yeah was it still recording yeah I went straight
yeah no that's okay you got it I hope it didn't drop or nothing like that I just kept rolling because I don't know if the
my feed doesn't die over here so no yeah because you have a good you have a good
setup that's why no dude you know
I'm with the [__] things bamit don't
[__] all right but the horses and animals so they would watch them and they would ask the
strength and so you got to be down with the animals and stuff so um I would watch the dogs and the dogs would tell
me if someone had hate in their heart because if a lot of people they just protect and maybe some got the big bucks or whatever but you watch the animals
and they'll tell you what's really going on so much love to the animals and all that stuff and I like animals more than
I like people a lot of times because animals don't lie you give them a little bit of food give them a little bit of
loving and the animals are cool and look at that like on the orus album cover do
you see what the cover is that's orus playing the guitar but he's got the [__] her and sringo there and all the
animals just want to go to him because they know they're like oh he's got the painkiller [__] and cuz all the
animals are like but the animals are half High because they eat raw mushrooms and they eat all things but like I got
too much lactic acid and he just comes and all the animals just come down remember when you see an animal with
submission that's because the animal likes you I only had to chase off one black bear so far this year no big deal
but all the other animals love me and owls are all
are we still alive I was GNA read from this book a little bit it's
crazy all right all right Fantastic look people we're getting attacked by the
Empire we got Tie fighters all over the place I've never seen so many blank outs in all
this the numbers with the digits and do this thing up good all
right thank you for coming on the Falcon tonight and putting up with the old
Machinery I love it I love it I want people dude man they bring me the broken
parts and all this stuff and I just make work man just turn keep making it work man yeah yeah yeah that's why that's why
you rock Teddy going keep any more questions more questions more questions and I got I got all these lyrics man I'm
I'm getting the stuff ready for you guys give me by the way let's give Teddy this opportunity as long as we can still fly
and I don't get cut off let's give Teddy the opportunity anybody right now who's
got any ideas for anything you want to hear from Teddy I don't care if it's a
style I don't care if you know what it is um something give us requests right
now that's what we can do is we can give requests right now chewy pick up some of
those all you know we're gonna go frian we're going to go Georg loan whatever
you guys need you know what I mean just send us some stuff harmonic Majors whatever it's cool we got the music
going down so send it in but I got the new record coming out you keep punching me in there so you know we got lots of
new music coming out and the you didn't ask question about the Liquid Smoke record because that's kind of crazy
about the the drug because that's all about the drug and how the drug is controlling the
world more metal Teddy we see need more metal so hang on before we get to Liquid
Smoke what kind of metal people or do you want like [__]
carcus put it up there people I see funk I see people also saying more metal more
Funk yeah metal and Funk can you fuse those two make monk yeah I used to work
with some dudes like that so you know it's I wear the Burgeria hat do you guys ever listen in Burgeria that's some
crazy [__] because they did the song called kristos DEA
boka misora this is what so it says Jesus sells pure cocaine to the
children with the help of of of you know the marijuana people too and stuff it's
great lyrics you should look it up what's the thing you you brought in
James Brown can you please tell me um why did James Brown's ghost come to you
okay so James Brown now that's two different things so James is obviously you know a a a a a a a a book in the
Bible right and James Brown so that's all about the dope and he did the song called The Big Payback so when you go so the thing to
it was all about so what was The Big Payback and they have to look at what was the vassals of the Catholic Church
through the Jesuits well that was the the the the group that was pushing this
narrative on you so for me to come back and say it's The Big Payback this is the payback against the pharmaka this is
metawa because Antonia and I'm I'm I went full Baka I went full back you know
baktria I'm straight out here Ora ccus and I'm just working with the rocks and
stuff and I'm mix up I got frogs running around mix some stew up and these people don't understand that that's that so I'm
so close to the North Pole right now that the sun is still shining that's
what the people don't get right so that's what we're doing up but I'm stiring up because the girls that show me this stuff and I looked it up I went
dis research and that's the worst thing I guess they just Tau me to read and write so if they don't like it too bad
[__] that's one thing I like about your music Teddy is that it's very heav
and it's packed and I know that I got to listen to every line and I know that
there's going to be some there that I'm going to miss and I'm going to have to go back and be like what is the exact
connection right and so I love that I um there's a group of that's the that's the
mushrooms and you should always be not afraid to ask me what word am I saying because I don't print them out I don't
like release like things but what I'm saying is actually you know like lyrics or spells and when I talk about circles
in this is because I understand how they use the magic against you but if you use the magic again you know and and and you
can neutralize it or you can almost begin because all they don't want you to know is who you are and what you are
they want you to believe the [__] and be miserable and all that other [__] and be a slave to them because the more
they take away from you the more that they gain on you so if you understand anything about what media even did
closely then that means you can free yourself because me you can do drink
some water go just do whatever you want on they bind you and they so like look dude they wanted me to go work at EA
Sports and do music there right but I knew because the contract that I would not own my publishing and the day I left
there I wouldn't own my copyright or nothing so it was a nice check but it be nothing so look at this it's what dude
you know we're talking Decades of me making music but I never sold my soul [__] and that's what we talking about
to do this no one's paying me I just do it but I was maintained the thing where
if pennies are left at my toes then I collect those pennies because those pennies were left at my toes so get that
right yeah yeah you know what Teddy you know what um that music that you
bring um I just want you to clarify for me I know man you sit down and this
stuff flows and is it just me or is that flow is that connection with The Muse there's
nothing better in the universe is there so that is when so one time I there was
old Japanese guy we'd play Haack and he'd do tai chi and one day I smok enough weed I
could see the wavelength in my hands I could feel it and that was the whole
energy stuff so just to control it like what you're saying and to to to Rhyme or
to be in dende so that's when you play like the guitar and you're like just doing like you know some
[Music]
[Music] and that was just dende so that is all they don't want you to be able to do and
just to to to understand instruments or anything and that's what they took away from you that's what I was talking about
the 440 Herz so for you to say what do you do to do the wrong rhyme and that's the one too to because I used to go
watch all the rhymers in the '90s and some of the best rhymers they could just do free style and stuff so sometimes
they just put on a beat a simple beat and the guys just boom boom boom to the beat on the one two so when you learn to
do that but you have a collection because I obviously we study atmology right here which is the study of
syllables through history and that's why the Greek thing is so important to me because I was lied to since I was day
one and they always told me that Hebrew [__] and when I went I went and
research and started to learn Hebrew and they're like what would you want to learn Hebrew and I'm like and then I
learned it's the Greek I'm like no it's the Greek and now they're even more mad and that is just the best man because
and now they the same thing because I realized these people come across me they memorize two or three lines
probably like [__] you don't even know what the [__] word is meant you're talking about and I I had like the [__] you know
the the the the what do you call that the the one you you know the what looks
up the old thing sorry I can't remember my words too I'm having too much fun [__] ask me a
question the Lexicon yeah the Lexicon baby you're talking about Teddy that's
why I liked you that that's why I liked you from the beginning because I could tell I could tell you were a poet you
know what I mean and you were tapped into that tapped into that use and I could tell that you lived it Teddy is
genuine Teddy is genuine baby when he was Teddy when you were just playing that music when you playing that little
bit of guitar there oh God my mind wandered to a Cantina with a woman and
Spanish woman in a red and black dress oh God I want to go there Teddy I want
to go there I want to go there those girls raised me in that so I have to pay
tribute and once I really realized that they kind of made me their little dude because we can go into days and days of what brought me to
be here and this is you know who I am and stuff but you know so just do you see that little bit I'm I'm just here to
just give you the music I'm here to do this stuff but a lot of people wouldn't understand it not at all so
any okay people now as you as you're watching Teddy in the future realize now
you know what's behind all that work that he puts into it what is that
inspiration and Teddy I hope as per satanic
congregations Joys and hopes I hope that you can um uh give us a little bit more
metal um some people want some metal and Funk metal he wants Kitty metal like the
trailer bar boys with bubbles we need more metal okay we want death metal with double kick got
what's your cat's name what's your cat's name his name is Garfield Lionel Simba
and his last name is lasagna because he likes lasagna Mr lasagna take care of Teddy
for us and uh satanic congregation thank you thank you for um being here with us
and for appreciating the music of Teddy Bass now I had planned Teddy just go
ahead and hang in with me for a minute I had planned to go ahead and have another alondu tonight however um we really got
a whole group of Tie fighters on our back and I've I'm gonna shut her down for tonight and I'm gonna have a special
ammen you I'm coming up so don't worry people I don't want to short you and I'm not going to I want people to see Teddy
base and I here too I want them to appreciate Teddy Bay
so satanic congregation enjoy and thank you to the Muse thank you to the media
who has brought us this genius history and uh thank you to the devil for all
I'm a musician in like views there you go there you go hail
Satan hail Satan 666 I'm my wit purple do
[Music] 666 are FES my witch I'm purple dop
welcome to Babylon you might not know the names of the streets you're on the
road was paid for gold the people sold the souls for a briefcase full of dope
the kids got turned the soap bit these streets they ain't no joke Oxy Cotton
got you sniffing Ajax James Brown [__] is a Payback
back my witch will give a kick on her broke stick flying through the sky full
moon shin and shine these drugs are really strong to
[__] you all night long puff puff on the B Irish witch like Che and CH old school
riding listen to my favorite songs cubism Liquid Smoke it's hot in here
this place is on fire I'm glad you made it give me some loving lunatics on the
grass 666 Medusa zombie junk bending
Corners black magic voodoo 666 I'm FES my witch I'm purple
dop 666 I'm boes my witch I'm purple dop